we return to your program inside you and
well we have today the visit of
laura martinez who is talking to us
about these tools
socialization for teenagers would be
handling some assertiveness in the
workshop if when they speak as is puig
as I listen and I put myself in place of
another one we're really talking about the
assertive communication in what way I
I can communicate better
we have the question of adriana orozco me
says my 13-year-old son says his
colleagues who do not want the
school and they give him expensive cell phones
and I tell him that they are doing a
I feel bad that it is exposing it of what
way I can continue to stimulate since
He is a very good student and I tell him that
Your duty is to study how to reward them without
badly educate them is only child like
reward them without badly educate them is son
only is that it has no commas or point if
would you have at home not then
we are like rewarding them
spoil them without badly educating him
If this right now I mentioned many
dads talking about the qualifications
They give their children money for the
good grades talking about if
this and it really is not a strategy
very appropriate because there comes a point that
until you give them a car to give them
will you give a home and no longer do
qualifications is part of their
obligations then how to reward them or
be things that are a baby that
like them and that is, if it's done
a benefit at the moment they comply with
your obligations here we talk in
obligations so if the study is
keep your room clean neat
and be respectful to the rules that you
put at home
that's what we talk about as your
obligations then when when
we started giving material things like
awards if a point arrives that the
never ending chain
clear, notice that there is a workshop that
us that I give there in the institute
but this is for dads I work
with the dads of Laura works with the
children but this course is called
regulation for a teenager there are three
types of rules queen is the rules
family the educational rules and
security rules
and what the security rules are not
Negotiable are not negotiable
those put on the belt communicate
with me when you leave the square that I
You said I was going to continue because you're going to
to move to another is to have the phone
on answer those are rules of
security that those are neither negotiable nor
they are going to reward themselves or they are going to give
cellular because they did
that is, there are things that if they are rewarded and there
things that are not rewarded with rewards
for example money cell toys
however there are other types of rewards
what we call factors
hygienic where for that it means
much and we do not cost anything
the rewards in educational rules
and family rules we're talking about
things like
and more time on the computer is something
that they appreciate a lot of side and that
we do not cost if he
and with your friends go with your friends this
invite a friend home no or if we go
to go out on the weekend that we're going to
go to sheet what we're going and you can
invite two little friends if you can not go
you go to your friend's house or there is
aunt there are many things that we
We can reward our children that
they are not material rewards or for
example when so many things are achieved
of the house rules when you meet
with it you have permission to go to
fulanito concert xxi
they are hygienic rewards that we
we call them then sometimes dads
we lose ourselves and as you say it is a
chain never ending when because already
then they even tell us good and that
and that you will give me if I take days in
the school that I'll give you a hug one
applause and a congratulation my love
because the clear recognition why
Well, because the fact that I take out is
diesel is a goal or you do well in the
school is the benefit is for you not
for me I already studied if not I already have
my career I already have way of and you
I say this is a benefit for you I do not know